*2017.08.15 17:33:23
Meeting @ MCPL B1 room

Introductions and interests

Brigade Name ideas?

Recap / Review of  Civic coding challenge, 3 entries for transit e-ticket application, all compelling
Would Transit be interested in moving that project forward? Maybe, but they are a separate organization from the City. Would need to work with them directly to ensure interest. They may be pursing a commercial solution for this problem.

## Idea refinement

Group: struggling with ideas

Have had a few meetings now to review general ideas. Would be nice to start rallying behind a few ideas.

Bug fixes

Impactful
real problems that people need solutions for.

Homelessness:
Application to Collect reports about finding old needles. Police will take the report, but delayed

Rapid Drone deployment for public safety
  - Do a prototype use

### Open211

who do I get in touch with for _____
Open Referral, Open211
instead of just being reports to the city,
open eligibility - way to match up individuals w/ service providers

small percentage of savings for large pool of expense is a big amount.
 - strategy could look at budget for largest expenses

 - interface with people on the front line
   see where the pain points are

### Data mining / Surveys

steering committee could invite staff from the City to come to future meetings and express

could also generate a short survey for City employees of pain points / 

Minutes for City meetings.
searchable database? 
Automatic transcription (e.g. IBM's Watson)

Community Survey is another good source for pain points
https://data.bloomington.in.gov/dataset/community-survey

uReport (open311) (also a source of data for data mining)
share data about which user clients submit reports by (native apps, via web form)

### Website udates

Update uReport web forms... this would be a big visible impact

Examples:

https://bloomington.in.gov/open311-proxy/embed?client=2;service_code=53

https://bloomington.in.gov/ureport

## Wrap up

Continuing conversation with Slack Channel

 - Processing survey data
 - Creating a short survey to send to city employees for pain

Could be part of Humanetrix for 501(c)(3) status, they're supportive of having us as a group. 

