Notes from meeting held May 16th, 2017 @ Sproutbox

*2017.05.16 18:11:16
meeting recaps

*2017.05.16 18:03:51
post an issue about coordinating next meeting
and schedule

*2017.05.16 18:02:12
meeting template

reports from other projects
getting feedback
mini presentations / demos

*2017.05.16 18:00:49
card sort next time

*2017.05.16 17:31:55
civic hacking code challenge
results:

feedback on the process
more communication along the way:

#slack channel would help
github 
github may have a barrier to entry

nationwide group of hacker spaces...

google docs ... shared folder
facebook group (?)

BMGHack

create a google drive shared folder
